docs(titus): add titus sample #101 (#105)
nearform/mira: docs/samples/README.md

Follow the `README.md` file provided in the sample app for full instructions.

## Titus App

- [Titus](https://github.com/nearform/titus)

Titus is a development and deployment stack for SaaS applications that encapsulates best practice and supports rapid innovation.

Using Titus across the organisation drives consistency while accelerating project set-up and deployment. Even unskilled cloud developers can rapidly get from project kick-off to feature development without understanding all of the underlying cloud services.

Titus provides excellent developer experience throughout projects and allows rapid on-boarding of new developers.

### Overview
This sample application uses many AWS services and can be used as a reference to create a complex infrastructure using Mira.

> An high level description of TITUS can be summarized with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At a high level, TITUS is composed of:
```

- React frontend
- Api service
- Authentication with Cognito

> - Data storage on RDS Postgres

Reviewer: Can we have a description of what and why data storage is needed? (the other 3 elements are all covered below, but not this one)

The schema below shows the deployed architecture:

![titus infrastructure](../img/infra-titus.png#hla)

The web stack contains a React.js [Single Page Application](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-page_application) which provides the UI.

> The application has a single entry point through CloudFront that manage the routing serving static files from an S3 Bucket and the api calls from the Api Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application has a single entry point through CloudFront that manages the routing, serving static files from an S3 Bucket and the Api calls from the Api Gateway.
```

> The Api service runs on Ecs Fargate container service with a Network Load Balancer (NLB) and an Autoscaling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Api service runs an ECS Fargate container service, with a Network Load Balancer (NLB) and Autoscaling.
```

The Authentication is managed by Api Gateway through a Cognito UserPool. 

The Api Gateway is connected to NLB using a Vpc Private Link. 

> NLB and Fargate instances are not accessible from the public network. Can be accessed only by the Api Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NLB and Fargate instances are not accessible from the public network; they can be accessed only by the Api Gateway.
```

> A DNS entry is created in Route53 and a certificate is assigned to the endpoint to allow https connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A DNS entry is created in Route53 and a certificate is assigned to the endpoint to allow connection through https.
```

> Follow the `README.md` file provided in the Titus app in located in `packages/titus-infra/` for full instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For full instructions, follow the `README.md` file provided in the Titus app, located in `packages/titus-infra-aws/`.
```

> 

Reviewer: Can we link to this README file?

Reviewer: I don't think this link will work, as it will try to link to GitHub packages. 

It should be https://github.com/nearform/titus/tree/master/packages/titus-infra-aws

(currently https://github.com/nearform/titus/tree/feature/mira-deploy/packages/titus-infra-aws but we need to get that merged)
